Hello...
Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here...
It's really hot recently isn't it?
And when it's hot out, it really
puts you in the horror mood.
With that said, for todayー!
I'd like to present to you "Which are Ai-chan's scariest games?"
based on my personal judgment and opinions!
With that, let's go!
How scaryー
First up is...
"Inside"!
I've played this on more than one occasion
It's kind of subtly scary
Like, it doesnt really make me jump
But like the more you think about the story the darker it gets
This deserves a place!
Aaaaah!
Stop it!
*inhales*
Hey, Mario..
How many meters can you hold while jumping?
Oh!
Ha, ha, ha..
This is..
*inhales*
I see
They're double, right?
I'll take it off
Aaaahh! Mario!
Move the box
AaaaAAH!
*inhales*
Mario-chan..
Ah, wait Mario! Down! Mario!
No, no, no!
Hey wait!
I messed up!
I messed up! I messed up! I messed up!
Eeee-eh..?
Next up is..
"Little Nightmares"!
It's a game I started playing recently!
Now because the player character is cute
I figured it isn't really that scary at first
Then some weirdー weird mole-looking things started appearing
Like, it really gets scarier and you progress further
So I look forward to more of it!
Waaaai..! Waaai..!
And now?
Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh?! Eh?!
This looks dangerous!
Those hands look dangerous!
Uh! Aaaaaah!
Ah, I scared myself, there's nothing
Aaaah!
Ah, ah, ah..
*inhales*
Do you die if you fall?
*door closes*
Aah!
Ah! Ah! AH!
That hurts! There's something..!
Aaaah! It was useless!
Mother!
AaaaAH!
What are you?!
Ah! Ha! Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Goodbye world!
Last one up is...
"Resident Evil 7: Biohazard"!
Ahh this is bad this bad!
This... I get scared just by looking at the title screen!
I'm in this white space alone
playing it in the dark
Turned off all the lights, playing it alone
I have such a strong mind!
The zombies are friends..
My friends, BBF!
Ah, there's no one
Good, good!
Ah, this must be easy peasy, right?
I'm going out!
Eeh?!
Eh, he!
Eh?!
What? What?
Ah, another area appeared!
Truly.. how scary!
*thud* Ah!
Ha, ha..!
AaaaAAH, cockc-!
Aaah, ha..!
Eh?!
What shou... ah, there's a button!
*CRASH*
AAAAGH-AH-AHHGH!
Agh?!
So then.. slowly..
YAAAH-HAAH?!
AAAH! Something is bekubebukubaba!
That scared me..
It moved!
What is this?
*whimper*
Good day..(?)
ARHHHGHHAAA!
NOOO!
It's nasty!!!
NOOO!!
NO! NO!
CLOSE IT!!
HOW DO I DO THAT?!!
*inhales*
CLOSE IT!!
GAAH-
I REALLY DON'T WANT TO DO THIS!
*inhales*
Not anymore! *sobs*
IYAAHAAH!
HE DISAPPEARED!
ANDRE!
Wait, where'd he go?
Hey, don't leave me alone!
Don't leave me alone, where are you?!
AAARHGHGHH!
DON'T GO DOWN!!
NO!!
WHY ARE YOU GOING DOWN?!!
(Pete: You first)
No, YOU go first!
No, no, no!
Go!
Hey, why aren't you coming?!
Hurry up down here, you!
That guy's a real ********
All said and done
You've seen three different horror games
How was it?
Truly every game was very well-made
They're all really scary, aren't they?
And the graphics are, like, really nice
to the point where it's really realistic and eerie
I'm playing those games on A.I. Games
So please check them out if you will!
Eh...?
Something...
Is something watching...?
Aaaaaah!
Translated by Jejer and Vortex